vite plugin configuration docs (#21137)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/partials/workers/workers-assets-routing-summary.mdx

{}
---

> By default, Cloudflare first tries to match a request path against a static asset path, which is based on the file structure of the uploaded asset directory. This is either the directory specified by `assets.directory` in your Wrangler config, or the output directory of a build tool like Vite with the [Cloudflare Vite plugin](/workers/vite-plugin/). Failing that, we invoke a Worker if one is present. If there is no Worker, or the Worker then uses the asset binding, Cloudflare will fallback to the behaviour set by [`not_found_handling`](/workers/static-assets/routing/#not_found_handling).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Cloudflare first tries to match a request path against a static asset path, which is based on the file structure of the uploaded asset directory. This is either the directory specified by `assets.directory` in your Wrangler config or, in the case of the [Cloudflare Vite plugin](/workers/vite-plugin/), the output directory of the client build. Failing that, we invoke a Worker if one is present. If there is no Worker, or the Worker then uses the asset binding, Cloudflare will fallback to the behaviour set by [`not_found_handling`](/workers/static-assets/routing/#not_found_handling).
```

> Refer to the [routing documentation](/workers/static-assets/routing/#routing-configuration) for more information on how to routing works with Workers Assets, and how to customize this behavior.

Reviewer: One thing I'm wondering is if 'Workers Assets' is really a product name we need to refer to or if we can now just refer to 'static assets' as being a feature of the platform.

```suggestion
Refer to the [routing documentation](/workers/static-assets/routing/#routing-configuration) for more information about how routing works with static assets, and how to customize this behavior.
```
